Observations:
1. As expected, we see a strong relationship between city latitude and max temperature. The closer to the equator, 0 Latitude, we get higher max temperatures.
Those temps drop the further from the equator. 
2. We see a somewhat weaker relationship between city latitude and humidity. There is a cluster of higher humidity at higher northern latitudes, but the same is not seen in 
Southern latitudes. This and the lack of a strong visible correlation possibly suggests other influencing factors. 
3. Cloudiness and Wind Speed both appear to have very little correlation with city latitude.


Linear Regressions:

** Northern Hemisphere - Max Temp vs. Latitude Linear Regression
We see a strong correlation betweeen max temp and latitude in the northern hemisphere. Correlation coefficient is -0.85.
As latitude goes up, max temp goes down.

** Southern Hemisphere - Max Temp vs. Latitude Linear Regression
We see a correlation betweeen max temp and latitude in the southern hemisphere. However, its correlation is not as strong as
that of the northern hemisphere. Correlation coefficient is -0.64. 


** Northern Hemisphere - Humidity (%) vs. Latitude Linear Regression
We see a very weak correlation between latitude and humidity in the northern hemisphere. 
Correlation coefficient is 0.29. 

** Southern Hemisphere - Humidity (%) vs. Latitude Linear Regression
We see an even weaker correlation between latitude and humidity in the sourthern hemisphere. 
Correlation coefficient is -0.08

** Northern Hemisphere - Cloudiness (%) vs. Latitude Linear Regression
We see a very weak correlation between latitude and cloudiness in the northern hemisphere. 
Correlation coefficient is 0.12. 

** Southern Hemisphere - Cloudiness (%) vs. Latitude Linear Regression
We see a very weak correlation between latitude and cloudiness in the southern hemisphere. 
Correlation coefficient is 0.26. 

** Northern Hemisphere - Wind Speed (mph) vs. Latitude Linear Regression
We see a very weak correlation between latitude and wind speed in the northern hemisphere. 
Correlation coefficient is 0.22. 

** Southern Hemisphere - Wind Speed (mph) vs. Latitude Linear Regression
We see an even weaker correlation between latitude and wind speed in the sourthern hemisphere. 
Correlation coefficient is -0.06
